1 Corinthians 13 verses 4 and 7 tells us love is patient and kind, and bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, and doers all things.
Our dramatization helped us see how love can adapt to changing needs and circumstances.
But wouldn't it be nice to talk with some real life examples of those who have developed such skills?
Well, we have a special treat. A long-time faithful couple has joined us in the studio, William and Angela Samuelson, who served Patterson Bethel in the United States.
Of course, knowing each other for decades, and I know he was Bill and Angie, so I'll refer to him, so nice that you could be here and be interviewed.
What's helped you both maintain a happy marriage?
Well, we work as a team, so we always check with each other before making decisions, even in areas where we wouldn't necessarily have to, it would be okay to go ahead, but just out of respect, we talk with each other about any decisions that we make.
And, you know, Brother Morris, we've been married 60 years now, and we've never really had a real serious argument. We've had some disagreements, but nothing ever serious.
And whenever we have those kind of words, well, we never use demeaning language or say derogatory things about each other, and that makes me very happy.
Yeah, but that's commendable.
Early in our marriage, there was one occasion, when Angie was upset with me about something, it could have been anything, but in the conversation it obviously showed in her tonal voice.
So I explained to her that she could say anything she wanted, as long as she smiled when she said it. Well, she tried, and we both had a good laugh.
It's very hard to stay mad when you're smiling.
Very good advice.
What about in the congregation, have you been able to show each other on or there?
Well, when we have assignments from the platform, either of us, we work together. Angie is much better with grammar, pronunciation than I am, and so I'll check with her to make sure that I'm saying things as correct as possible.
And she checks with me on prophetic significance, for example, or theocratic understanding or procedure and timing.
Yes, and something that's very important is when we do check with each other, we're not thin-skinned about the advice that we want to give each other, I'll call it advice.
And that makes life a lot easier. We don't get angry because we've been told we need to improve on something.
Well, that's excellent. You also spent a long time in the traveling work before coming to Bethel.
We knew you, the traveling work early 70s and then later when we were down south, you were assigned down there.
What did you learn about showing honor in that avenue of service?
Well, as you say, we were in the traveling work for 33 years, just over.
And most of those years, we would have other assignments, I would be working with the district, regional convention organization or other assignments, and it meant that Angie would be alone in the congregation.
She never complained, nor did she become unduly inquisitive about my assignment, which sometimes would have been confidential.
When we had an unexpected move that came up, a change of assignment somewhere, Angie would just pack and be ready to go.
That's right. That was my job packing.
And in the field ministry by the Morris, we would usually be in separate car groups because Bill would work with her brothers and I would work with the sisters.
And I really appreciated the fact that he always made sure I had a safe driver. It worked out most of the time.
And if we had a territory that was a little scary, why he made sure that we were safe in the territory. So I appreciated that very much.
In one congregation, things don't always go the way we plan.
The brother scheduling the meals had scheduled two families for the same noon meal for us.
The one sister was deaf and she had always had the traveling brother on a certain day and she didn't hear when she was told it wouldn't be that day.
So she had gone ahead and prepared a meal. In the meantime, we had been assigned to another home where they served us a full course or courses, Italian meal.
While we were eating, we found out that the other sister was waiting for us. She would have been highly offended if somebody didn't come.
So I went to the Kingdom Hall, handled the meeting for field service after the meal. Angie went to the sister and that sister would probably still be mad at me if Angie hadn't gone.
And boy, was I sleepy that afternoon after two big meals.
You handled that very Christianly.
Now, as we mentioned, your current assignment is here at Bethel. How have you navigated the unique challenges of this form of service and still honoring one another?
Well, as you know, we work in different departments, but we respect that some things are confidential to that department.
So we don't make the work of our department a major part of our conversation.
We would have an energy problem at the end of the day after working all day and feels very considerate about accepting too many social invitations.
And so we respect each other's limitations when it comes to physical and just energy in general.
Well, that's certainly honoring each other. Well, Bill and Angie, those are practical and encouraging comments.
We really thank you so much for taking the time and allowing us to interview you.
And we really appreciate your good example all these decades.
Thank you.